satisfy example (#105)
Certora/Documentation: docs/cvl/statements.md

arbitrary state.  It is not possible to check that there is an execution for
every starting state.
```

> ```{note}

Author: which note, the first or the second?

It is advised to look at the witness example to determine that this is indeed the desired case. 
```
For [example](https://gist.github.com/...) 
https://github.com/Certora/Examples/tree/master/FullProjects 

> the following rule check if there is a scenario in which one can withdraw and get back all his assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following rule checks whether there is a scenario in which a user can withdraw and get back all of their assets:
```

> ```cvl
> rule possibleToFullyWithdraw(address sender, uint256 amount) {
>     env eT0;
>     env eM;
>     uint256 balanceBefore = _token0.balanceOf(sender);
>     
>     require eM.msg.sender == sender;
>     require eT0.msg.sender == sender;
>     _token0.transfer(eT0, currentContract, amount);
>     uint256 amountOut0 = mint(eM,sender);
>     burnSingle(eM, _token0, amountOut0, sender);
>     satisfy balanceBefore == _token0.balanceOf(sender);
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cvl
//// demonstrate that one can fully withdraw their assets
rule possibleToFullyWithdraw(address sender, uint256 amount) {
    uint256 balanceBefore = token.balanceOf(sender);
    
    env eTransfer;
    require eTransfer.msg.sender == sender;
    token.transfer(eTransfer, currentContract, amount);

    env eMint;
    require eMint.msg.sender == sender;
    uint256 amountOut = mint(eMint,sender);

    burnSingle(eMint, token, amountOut, sender);
    
    satisfy balanceBefore == token.balanceOf(sender);
}
```
```

> When running this rule, the prover might provide a witness example, such as [this](https://prover.certora.com/output/40726/7e2ea3f2baf64505a79108f7ee5b6a35?anonymousKey=09ee75d8c35e4b9b33447820ede1016af9c65022) case
> in which `amount` is zero. Fixing the rule add adding a requirement that 'amount > 0' gives a better example but might start with an infeasible state, such as in [this]([nonzero-case-example]
> (https://prover.certora.com/output/40726/ce7c3e49011f4ae7bf06983eff3254b1/?anonymousKey=3a02d99c74c950c5de0886521581c7096948714c) case (one underlying is minted for 999 LP tokens). Adding another requirements that the state is valid provides us with the [desired witness](
>  https://prover.certora.com/output/40726/db4d12e98718424c86e95937c0945700/?anonymousKey=92ffd0f1210cac228563cd9ad92575f798111e2b).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a `satisfy` rule, the Prover might provide uninteresting witnesses; in this case, you can add additional `require` statements that force the Prover to produce more interesting examples.  Running the above rule, for example, gives an [uninteresting witness][amount-zero-witness] where `amount` is zero.

[amount-zero-witness]: https://prover.certora.com/output/40726/7e2ea3f2baf64505a79108f7ee5b6a35?anonymousKey=09ee75d8c35e4b9b33447820ede1016af9c65022

The Prover may also give `satisfy` witnesses that start in an infeasible state.  For example, we can fix the above example by adding a requirement that `amount > 0` to give a better example, but in this case, the Prover produces an [example starting in an inconsistent state][inconsistent-example].  In this example, there is only one underlying token minted for 999 LP tokens.

[inconsistent-example]: https://prover.certora.com/output/40726/ce7c3e49011f4ae7bf06983eff3254b1/?anonymousKey=3a02d99c74c950c5de0886521581c7096948714c

Adding another requirement that the state is valid provides us with the [desired witness][good-witness].

[good-witness]: https://prover.certora.com/output/40726/db4d12e98718424c86e95937c0945700/?anonymousKey=92ffd0f1210cac228563cd9ad92575f798111e2b
 
```

>  ```cvl

Reviewer: There are several runs, but only one example is linked to.  It would be better to have a separate github link for each of the runs that can be used to reproduce the run.

rule possibleToFullyWithdraw(address sender, uint256 amount) {

>     env eT0;

Reviewer: I recommend modifying this example as above.

    env eM;
    uint256 balanceBefore = _token0.balanceOf(sender);

>     setup(eM);

Reviewer: This is very sneaky.  I might replace it with a `requireInvariant` and add/or a comment that it ensures a consistent state.
